feat(eip): support `global_eip_support_regions` data source (#9525)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/global_eip_support_regions.md

---
subcategory: "Elastic IP (EIP)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_global_eip_support_regions"
description: |-

>   Use this dataSource to get the list of regions that global EIPs can bind to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this data source to get the list of regions that global EIPs can bind to.
```
